# The Churiology Website

The Churiology is designed to be a responsive website allowing visitors to view it on a range of devices. The site is targeted towards wine enthusiasts who are looking for more in-depth information on wine origins, specifically Georgian Wines. The Churiology provides ample information on thousands of years old unique Georgian winemaking methods, local grape varieties and must-visit wineries. 

! [The Churiology Website is shown on a range of devices] (documentation/Iamresponsive.png) 

[View The Cguriology on Github Pages] (https://liakintsurashvili.github.io/The-Churiology/index.html)

## User Experience (UX)

### **Purpose**

The Churiology has been created as a fictional website to complete the first milestone project as part of the Code Institute's Full Stack Software Development course. It developed as an idea for the purpose of popularizing lesser-known Georgian wine region, Imereti.

The site has been built with a mobile-first responsive design, keeping the needs of the user at the forefront of the design process.

## User Stories

### First Time Visitor Goals:

* As a first-time visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site.
* As a first-time visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate through the website, to find the content.
* As a first-time visitor, I want to be able to view the site on a range of device sizes.

#### Returning Visitor Goals:

* As a Returning Visitor, I want to find up-to-date information on recommended vineyards.
* As a Returning Visitor, I want to find frequently updated content with increased varieties of grapes and wine-making technologies.


### Frequent Visitor Goals:

* As a Frequent User, I want to be able to recommend new wineries and vineyards they should feature.
* As a Frequent User, I want to see more in-depth information added to wineries with better imagery and location pins.

## Design

### Color Scheme

! [The Curiology Website color pallete] (documentation/color-palete.png)

This website uses a palette of creamy colors to create a natural, calming feel. The palette was generated by [Coolors](https://coolors.co/) website.

### Typography

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) was used to source the font styles used throughout the website:

* Cinzel: for logo and headings
* Noto Serif: for main body
* Dancing Script: for span paragraphs

### Imagery

Images found on the homepage, grapevarietiespage, wineriespage  and formpage were stock photos downloaded from [Shutterstock](https://https://www.shutterstock.com//).

Icons used on the homepage and support page were imported through [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).

### Wireframes

To create the wireframes the [Balsamiq Wireframing Software](https://balsamiq.com/) was used.

#### Home Page

- [Mobile Screen](documentation/homepage-mobile.png)

#### Grapevarieties Page

- [Mobile Screens](documentation/grapevarieties-mobile.png)
- [Desktop Screen](documentation/homepage-desktop.png)

#### Wineries Page

- [Mobile Screens](documentation/wineries-mobile.png)
- [Desktop Screen](documentation/grapevarieties-desktop.png)

#### Form Page 

- [All devices](documentation/form-page.png)

#### Response Page

- [All devices](documentation/response-page.png)


## Features

### Existing Features

The Churiology has 4 main pages accessible to the user which include the homepage, Grapevariety page, Wineries page and Form page. There is also a response page which only shows on submission of the sign-up form.

**All** pages include the following features:



### Accessibility
